Introduction:
1.The software CarSPred could be used to identify carbonylation sites of query human protein sequences.
2.The software consists of four modules which are devoted to K, R, T and P carbonylation site prediction separately.
3.It receives protein sequences or file in FASTA format as input.
4.For output result, list and file are optional and the annotations will clearly indicate the precise location and probability of putative carbonylation site in the sequence.
5.The software is in 'CarSPred' folder. Datasets of carbonylated protein and sample sequences of carbonylation site are in 'Datasets' folder.

Precaution:
1.This software runs in the win32 environment.
2.Right menu can be used or press ctrl+c and ctrl+v to copy and paste for the input editbox.
3.Select K, P, R and T in any combination to complete the corresponding carbonylation site prediction.
4.The Determination threshold can be assigned to any value from 0 to 1 which is set to 0.5 by default.
3.It is recommended that input protein sequences is placed in the 'CarSPred-win32\Input' folder and corresponding output results will be in the 'CarSPred-win32\Output'folder.
4.A 'busy...' flag in the lower right corner of this tool indicates that the program is running until this flag disappears.
5.It automatically filter non-alphabetic characters of an input sequence, and these illegal characters will not included in the length of the sequence, which makes it possible that the protein sequences in FASTA format on the websites could be directly copied and processed using this tool.
6.A disable control represents the function will not be supported in existing user configurations.
7.Some warning information, such as too short input sequences and invalid characters, will be showed on the editbox control if the file output option is chosen.
8.It has the ability to accept maximum 32767 KB sequence input and the file input is recommended less than 150 MB.

Datasets available on the site:
1.Sample sequences of human carbonylation in 'Datasets' folder:
'H-carbonprotein.xlsx'	 - 230 carbonylated proteins of human					13.1KB
'H-traincarbonpos-K.fsa' - 266 sequences of K positive training samples of human		13.3KB
'H-traincarbonpos-R.fsa' - 119 sequences of R positive training samples of human    		6.2KB  
'H-traincarbonpos-T.fsa' - 116 sequences of T positive training samples of human    		5.8KB  
'H-traincarbonpos-P.fsa' - 114 sequences of P positive training samples of human    		5.7KB
'H-traincarboneg-K.fsa'  - 1,802 sequences of K negative training samples of human  		89.8KB
'H-traincarboneg-R.fsa'  - 754 sequences of R negative training samples of human    		37.5KB  
'H-traincarboneg-T.fsa'  - 702 sequences of T negative training samples of human    		34.9KB  
'H-traincarboneg-P.fsa'  - 716 sequences of P negative training samples of human    		35.6KB

Example:
Follow the steps below to identify K and P carbonylation site of the input 'H-testcarbon-K.fsa' file with a list output option.
1.Into the 'CarSPred' folder, Double click 'CarSPred.exe' to open the software.
2.Choose the 'Query File' input option (default), click the 'Open' button and select 'H-testcarbon-K.fsa' as input file.
3.Choose the 'Result List' output option (default).
4.Check the 'K' radio output option (default).
5.Fill 0.5 into the threshold editbox (default).
6.Click the 'Submit' button to run the program and then a 'busy...' flag is displayed in the lower right corner.
7.After the flag disappears, the index, query sequence ID, precise locations, residue types and probabilities of putative carbonylation sites will be displayed in the output list (if a file output option is selected, the result file named 'H-testcarbon-K.fsa.out.fsa' will be found in 'Output' folder or you can click 'Display' button to open the result file while open with of '.fsa. type file has been set. For example, 'K|573|0.7982' means a putaive K carbonylation site has been predicted at the 573th residue positon of the qurey sequence).
8.Click the 'Clear' button to empty all traces of the past.
